Azure VM report ready and network configuration (#58)
distributed-technologies/mukube-configurator: docs/config.md

### ROOTFS_SIZE
(Optional) Size of the rootfs in GiB. Please also edit `SYSTEM_RESERVED_MEMORY` if you change this (default: `20`)

### IS_IN_AZURE
(Optional) If this value is set to "true", the mukube will be configured for setup on Azure VMs. Anything else than "true" will be treated as "false", and the mukube will therefore be configured as not running on Azure VMs.

> ### AZURE_VXLAN_IPS

Author: Change it to a range, and then explained a bit more regarding why we are using a VXLAN.

> ### AZURE_VXLAN_IPRANGE

Reviewer: Please add both options to the list at the top of this file :)

> (Optional) If the "IS_IN_AZURE" is set to "true", this value can be used to set the range in which the VXLAN IP will be from. The last octet of the IP range will be replace with the last octet of the NODE_HOST_IP, such that it is unique for all nodes. An example is: "10.0.95.0/24"

Reviewer: The default value should be documented:
```suggestion
(Optional) If the "IS_IN_AZURE" is set to "true", this value can be used to set the range in which the VXLAN IP will be from. The last octet of the IP range will be replace with the last octet of the NODE_HOST_IP, such that it is unique for all nodes. (default: `10.0.98.0/24`).
```

### ROOTFS_SIZE
(Optional) Size of the rootfs in GiB. Please also edit `SYSTEM_RESERVED_MEMORY` if you change this (default: `20`)

### IS_IN_AZURE
(Optional) If this value is set to "true", the mukube will be configured for setup on Azure VMs. Anything else than "true" will be treated as "false", and the mukube will therefore be configured as not running on Azure VMs.
When running in Azure, a VXLAN will be used to simulate a layer 2 network using layer 4 components. Cilium also uses a VXLAN, and thus some of the IP addresses and ranges is defaulted to make sure it does not interfere with Cilium.

### AZURE_VXLAN_IPRANGE

> (Optional) If the "IS_IN_AZURE" is set to "true", this value can be used to set the range in which the VXLAN IP will be from. The last octet of the IP range will be replace with the last octet of the NODE_HOST_IP, such that it is unique for all nodes. If this IP range is set, make sure that the `NODE_CONTROL_PLANE_VIP` is within this range. (default: `10.2.0.0/24`).

Reviewer 2: Is this not required when `IS_IN_AZURE` is true? 
And what does this do if `IS_IN_AZURE` is false and I set this anyway?
